Add note to docs about updating licenses [FOEPD-184] (#271)
voxel51/fiftyone-teams-app-deploy: docker/README.md

mv license.key "${LOCAL_LICENSE_FILE_DIR}/license"
```

> [!TIP]
> When rotating the license, to ensure that the new license values are

> > picked up immediately, you may need to restart the CAS and API pods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> picked up immediately, you may need to restart the `teams-cas` and `teams-api` services.
```

Updating to use the names of the services in the compose.yaml files. In Docker, we reference the running containers as services.  Pods is a Kubernetes construct.

Reviewer 2: Maybe add `docker compose restart teams-cas teams-api`?
